---
title: A Brief Look at the Mathematics of Structure Packing
date: 2025-07-25
layout: layouts/post.njk
isMathPost: true
---

It's common knowledge (depending on what you do) that the memory layout of a structure in C can
change depending on the order its members were declared in. For example, on my x86-64 processor,
`sizeof(Foo)` is not equal to `sizeof(Bar)`, even though they effectively have the
same members. [You can try it out yourself on Godbolt](https://godbolt.org/#g:!((g:!((g:!((h:codeEditor,i:(filename:'1',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:1,lang:___c,selection:(endColumn:1,endLineNumber:14,positionColumn:1,positionLineNumber:14,selectionStartColumn:1,selectionStartLineNumber:14,startColumn:1,startLineNumber:14),source:'%23include+%3Cstdio.h%3E%0A%0Astruct+Foo+%7B%0A++++char+firstChar%3B%0A++++double+firstDouble%3B%0A++++char+secondChar%3B%0A%7D%3B%0A%0Astruct+Bar+%7B%0A++++double+firstDouble%3B%0A++++char+firstChar%3B%0A++++char+secondChar%3B%0A%7D%3B%0A%0Aint+main(void)+%7B%0A++++printf(%22Size+of+Foo:+%25zu%5Cn%22,+sizeof(struct+Foo))%3B%0A++++printf(%22Size+of+Bar:+%25zu%22,+sizeof(struct+Bar))%3B%0A++++return+0%3B%0A%7D%0A'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'C+source+%231',t:'0')),k:45.36247334754797,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0'),(g:!((h:executor,i:(argsPanelShown:'1',compilationPanelShown:'0',compiler:cclang2010,compilerName:'',compilerOutShown:'0',execArgs:'',execStdin:'',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:1,lang:___c,libs:!(),options:'',overrides:!(),runtimeTools:!(),source:1,stdinPanelShown:'1',wrap:'1'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'Executor+x86-64+clang+20.1.0+(C,+Editor+%231)',t:'0')),header:(),k:26.22601279317697,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0'),(g:!((h:executor,i:(argsPanelShown:'1',compilationPanelShown:'0',compiler:cclang2010,compilerName:'',compilerOutShown:'0',execArgs:'',execStdin:'',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:2,lang:___c,libs:!(),options:'-m32',overrides:!(),runtimeTools:!(),source:1,stdinPanelShown:'1',wrap:'1'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'Executor+x86-64+clang+20.1.0+(C,+Editor+%231)',t:'0')),header:(),k:28.411513859275054,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0')),l:'2',n:'0',o:'',t:'0')),version:4).

```c
struct Foo {
    char firstChar;
    double firstDouble;
    char secondChar;
};

struct Bar {
    double firstDouble;
    char firstChar;
    char secondChar;
};
```

It's also common knowledge that ordering the members of your structure from largest alignment to
smallest will _usually_ (?) give you a size minimizing layout. If this discussion is new to you, there
are lots of good articles and videos on the topic, though ["The Lost Art of Structure Packing"](http://www.catb.org/esr/structure-packing) 
seems to be the most popular.

For better or worse, my undergraduate math background led me to be curious about when the strategy above is or 
isn't optimal. More specifically, I had two questions:

- **Does ordering structure members from largest to smallest alignment always give a size minimal
  layout?** <br>It turns out that the answer is no, but we can describe a class of "simple" structures where the answer always is yes!

- **Clang's [optin.performance.Padding analyzer](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/analyzer/checkers.html#optin-performance-padding) uses a slightly different algorithm than what is commonly recommended to find an order that minimizes a structure's size. Does this algorithm always find a size minimal
  layout?** <br>It turns out the answer is still no! We can construct an admittedly [contrived counterexample](#counterexample-to-clangs-optin-performance-padding-analyzer)
    that we can optimize better by hand.

I tried to find pre-existing mathematical answers to the problems above, but I didn't have much luck outside of
people concluding the correctness of these algorithms from trying them out on a couple of very
simple examples. It's possible that these answers are too trivial to write down, that these problems
can be solved by a trivial application of some theory I'm unfamiliar with, or that answering these
questions isn't very useful. But I'm hoping that since this was interesting to me, this is
interesting enough for me to share with other people!

The rest of this blog post fills in the details needed for providing an answer to the first
question above. We don't need any powerful mathematical tools here - because we add so many restrictions 
on the problem, a familiarity with modular arithmetic will be enough.

Of course, I haven't done any math in a while, so my skills may be rusty and the proofs may contain errors. 
Please let me know if you find any. 🙂

<table-of-contents></table-of-contents>

## Disclaimers

This can become a complicated topic if the scope is too wide, so let's narrow the scope a bit.

1. **I will not analyze structures with bitfield members.** From a cursory reading, it seems like
   the layout of bitfield members in a structure is a complicated implementation-defined topic, and
   I don't really have the hardware knowledge to reason about it in any real way, across every
   potential architecture out there. So let's ignore this case for now.

2. **I will not make any claims about the 'performance' of a size minimal layout.** Performance is
   obviously a complicated topic, and what is 'performant' can change depending on the metric you
   are defining performance by. Even worse, designing good experiments is [famously hard](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/1508284.1508275)!
   The hope is, however, that a size minimal layout will increase the density of data in cache, 
   which *might* make your memory-bound workload faster.

3. **I will assume that we care about alignment.** If not, we can trivially solve the problem by
   adding ` __attribute__((__packed__)) ` to the structure. There has been [some discussion](https://lemire.me/blog/2012/05/31/data-alignment-for-speed-myth-or-reality/) questioning 
   how important alignment is on modern processors, but to my understanding there are still platforms 
   that trap upon unaligned reads or writes. In any case, let's assume we want to find a size minimal layout while
   respecting alignment requirements.
   - In case you're curious, it seems [you can make x86 trap on unaligned reads or writes](https://orchistro.tistory.com/206) if you
     want! The mentioned flag was also present in the manual for my Ryzen 5950x processor, anyway.

## Vocabulary 
We'll use:

- \\(S\\) to denote some arbitrary structure with \\(n \geq 0\\) members.
  - Again, for the sake of simplicity, let's ignore structures with bitfield members for now.
- \\(m_i\\) to denote the \\(i\\)th member of the structure, with \\(0 \leq i \lt n\\).
- \\(s_i\\) to denote the `sizeof` member \\(m_i\\).
- \\(a_i\\) to denote the alignment of member \\(m_i\\), where \\(a_i=2^{k_i}\\) for some integer \\(k_i \geq 0\\)
  - Note that this isn't necessarily equal to the `alignof` member \\(m_i\\), as a programmer has the
      option to override the alignment of a structure member.
  - My hope is that restricting \\(a_i\\) to be a power of 2 is a reasonable assumption. I don't know if
      there are any exotic architectures where that doesn't apply, but if there are this blog post
      does not apply to those architectures.
- \\(p_i\\) to denote the padding between members \\(m_i\\) and \\(m_{i+1}\\) (or the trailing padding if \\(m_i\\)
    is the last member of the structure)

It might be interesting to you that we make a distinction between the size \\(s_i\\) and alignment \\(a_i\\)
of structure members. This is because they aren't always equal. For example, executing [this program
on Godbolt](https://godbolt.org/#g:!((g:!((g:!((h:codeEditor,i:(filename:'1',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:1,lang:___c,selection:(endColumn:1,endLineNumber:9,positionColumn:1,positionLineNumber:9,selectionStartColumn:1,selectionStartLineNumber:9,startColumn:1,startLineNumber:9),source:'%23include+%3Cstdio.h%3E%0A%23include+%3Cstdalign.h%3E%0A%0Aint+main(void)+%7B%0A++++printf(%22Size+of+double:+%25lu%5Cn%22,+sizeof(double))%3B%0A++++printf(%22Alignment+of+double:+%25lu%22,+alignof(double))%3B%0A++++return+0%3B%0A%7D%0A'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'C+source+%231',t:'0')),k:50,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0'),(g:!((h:executor,i:(argsPanelShown:'1',compilationPanelShown:'0',compiler:cg151,compilerName:'',compilerOutShown:'0',execArgs:'',execStdin:'',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:1,lang:___c,libs:!(),options:'',overrides:!(),runtimeTools:!(),source:1,stdinPanelShown:'1',wrap:'1'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'Executor+x86-64+gcc+15.1+(C,+Editor+%231)',t:'0')),header:(),k:25,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0'),(g:!((h:executor,i:(argsPanelShown:'1',compilationPanelShown:'0',compiler:cg151,compilerName:'',compilerOutShown:'0',execArgs:'',execStdin:'',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:2,lang:___c,libs:!(),options:'-m32',overrides:!(),runtimeTools:!(),source:1,stdinPanelShown:'1',wrap:'1'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'Executor+x86-64+gcc+15.1+(C,+Editor+%231)',t:'0')),header:(),k:25,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0')),l:'2',n:'0',o:'',t:'0')),version:4) 
shows that when compiling for 32 bit systems with the `-m32` flag, `gcc` will report that
`sizeof(double)` is 8 bytes but the `alignof(double)` is 4 bytes.

## Formulating a mathematical definition of `sizeof`

We can't do any mathematics here unless we know how to write `sizeof` down as an equation.
Let's attempt to formulate one, and we'll then prove an important property of `sizeof`
that we'll use for the rest of the blog post.

### A potential ambiguity in the definition of `sizeof`

First off, the definition of `sizeof` from 6.5.3.4, paragraph 4 of the [C23 standard](https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n3096.pdf) is:

>When [sizeof is] applied to an operand that has structure or union type, the result is the total number of bytes in such an object, including internal and trailing padding.

However, unless I'm grossly misunderstanding something, I think this definition ambiguous. 
For example, consider the following structure `Foo` in an x86-64 environment:

```c
struct Foo {
    short a; // Takes up bytes 0 and 1 

    int b;   // Pad to a 4 byte boundary, then takes up bytes 4 through 7 

    short c; // No padding needed. Takes up bytes 8 and 9. 

             // Trailing padding needed to make sure consecutive copies of Foo in
             // an array are aligned. As the alignment of Foo is 4, 
             // add 2 final bytes of padding.
}
```

The `sizeof` this structure should be 12 bytes. Indeed, this is how `sizeof` is normally computed ([try it out on Godbolt](https://godbolt.org/#g:!((g:!((g:!((h:codeEditor,i:(filename:'1',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:1,lang:___c,selection:(endColumn:1,endLineNumber:18,positionColumn:1,positionLineNumber:18,selectionStartColumn:1,selectionStartLineNumber:18,startColumn:1,startLineNumber:18),source:'%23include+%3Cstdio.h%3E%0A%0Astruct+Foo+%7B%0A++++short+a%3B+//+Takes+up+bytes+1+and+2+%0A%0A++++int+b%3B+++//+Pad+to+a+4+byte+boundary,+then+takes+up+bytes+4+through+8+%0A%0A++++short+c%3B+//+No+padding+needed.+Takes+up+bytes+9+and+10.+%0A%0A+++++++++++++//+Trailing+padding+needed+to+make+sure+consecutive+copies+of+Foo+in%0A+++++++++++++//+an+array+are+aligned.+Add+2+final+bytes+of+padding.%0A%7D%3B%0A%0Aint+main(void)+%7B%0A++++printf(%22Sizeof+Foo:+%25zu%22,+sizeof(struct+Foo))%3B%0A++++return+0%3B%0A%7D%0A'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'C+source+%231',t:'0')),k:50,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0'),(g:!((h:executor,i:(argsPanelShown:'1',compilationPanelShown:'0',compiler:cg151,compilerName:'',compilerOutShown:'0',execArgs:'',execStdin:'',fontScale:14,fontUsePx:'0',j:1,lang:___c,libs:!(),options:'',overrides:!(),runtimeTools:!(),source:1,stdinPanelShown:'1',wrap:'1'),l:'5',n:'0',o:'Executor+x86-64+gcc+15.1+(C,+Editor+%231)',t:'0')),header:(),k:50,l:'4',n:'0',o:'',s:0,t:'0')),l:'2',n:'0',o:'',t:'0')),version:4)), 
and this computation is correct as long as the structure `Foo` is aligned on a 4 byte boundary. In other
words, let \\(M\\) be the memory address that `Foo` starts at. Then this computation is correct as long
as:

$$M \equiv 0\pmod{4}$$

and we could visualize the `sizeof` computation as follows (hope you can forgive the sloppy Inkscape):

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<svg class="overflow-max-content-width" width="651.87" height="108.09" version="1.1" viewBox="0 0 172.47 28.6" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink">
<g transform="translate(-8.3978 -9.0627)">
<rect x="23.371" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<rect x="30.422" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<rect x="79.808" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<rect x="86.859" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<rect x="164.66" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<rect x="171.71" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<rect x="108.01" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<rect x="115.06" y="15.084" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill-opacity="0" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<g transform="translate(0 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<g transform="translate(7.0506 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<g transform="translate(3.7492 .30671)">
<g id="f" transform="translate(-.12765 .24731)">
<rect transform="translate(-8.3512 .03607)" x="42.202" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#8eeb78" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<path d="m38.269 20.03-3.02-3.02z" fill="#a7cfff" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<path d="m39.249 18.825-3.02-3.02z" fill="#a7cfff" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
</g>
<use id="d" transform="translate(7.0613)" xlink:href="#f"/>
<use id="b" transform="translate(6.9538)" xlink:href="#d"/>
<use transform="translate(7.1689)" xlink:href="#b"/>
</g>
<g transform="translate(88.388 .30671)">
<g id="e" transform="translate(-.12765 .24731)">
<rect transform="translate(-8.3512 .03607)" x="42.202" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#8eeb78" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<path d="m38.269 20.03-3.02-3.02z" fill="#a7cfff" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
<path d="m39.249 18.825-3.02-3.02z" fill="#a7cfff" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688"/>
</g>
<use id="c" transform="translate(7.0613)" xlink:href="#e"/>
<use id="a" transform="translate(7.1689)" xlink:href="#c"/>
<use transform="translate(7.1689)" xlink:href="#a"/>
</g>
<g transform="translate(56.437 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<g transform="translate(63.487 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<g transform="translate(84.639 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<g transform="translate(91.69 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<g transform="translate(141.29 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<g transform="translate(148.34 .59009)" stroke="#000" stroke-width=".39688">
<rect x="9.2701" y="14.494" width="6.9089" height="6.9089" fill="#a7baff"/>
<g fill="#a7cfff">
<path d="m10.591 18.95 3.02-3.02z"/>
<path d="m11.796 19.93 3.02-3.02z"/>
</g>
</g>
<text x="15.222" y="11.559965" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="15.222" y="11.559965" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">1</tspan></text>
<text x="8.3176947" y="11.555314" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="8.3176947" y="11.555314" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">0</tspan></text>
<text x="11.340604" y="28.241587" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="11.340604" y="28.241587" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".21" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">short</tspan></text>
<text x="68.246185" y="28.241587" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="68.246185" y="28.241587" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".21" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">short</tspan></text>
<text x="48.238914" y="28.262516" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="48.238914" y="28.262516" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".21" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">int</tspan></text>
<text x="42.280159" y="37.496346" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="42.280159" y="37.496346" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".21" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">struct Foo</tspan></text>
<text x="22.291641" y="11.580119" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="22.291641" y="11.580119" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">2</tspan></text>
<text x="29.263273" y="11.556089" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="29.263273" y="11.556089" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">3</tspan></text>
<text x="36.409653" y="11.556089" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="36.409653" y="11.556089" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">4</tspan></text>
<text x="43.452736" y="11.53206" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="43.452736" y="11.53206" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">5</tspan></text>
<text x="50.433151" y="11.553764" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="50.433151" y="11.553764" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">6</tspan></text>
<text x="57.467388" y="11.556089" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="57.467388" y="11.556089" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">7</tspan></text>
<text x="64.604927" y="11.556089" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="64.604927" y="11.556089" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">8</tspan></text>
<text x="71.554825" y="11.556865" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="71.554825" y="11.556865" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">9</tspan></text>
<text x="77.629433" y="11.555314" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="77.629433" y="11.555314" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">10</tspan></text>
<text x="84.741508" y="11.559965" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="84.741508" y="11.559965" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">11</tspan></text>
<text x="91.743675" y="11.580119" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="91.743675" y="11.580119" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">12</tspan></text>
<text x="98.674446" y="11.556089" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="98.674446" y="11.556089" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">13</tspan></text>
<text x="105.32887" y="11.559965" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="105.32887" y="11.559965" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">14</tspan></text>
<text x="112.64304" y="11.535935" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="112.64304" y="11.535935" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">15</tspan></text>
<text x="120.0452" y="11.553764" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="120.0452" y="11.553764" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">16</tspan></text>
<text x="127.15488" y="11.559965" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="127.15488" y="11.559965" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">17</tspan></text>
<g transform="translate(.3358 -1.3786)">
<text x="133.75627" y="12.934712" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="133.75627" y="12.934712" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">18</tspan></text>
</g>
<g transform="translate(7.437 -1.3778)">
<text x="133.75627" y="12.934712" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="133.75627" y="12.934712" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">19</tspan></text>
</g>
<g transform="translate(14.722 -1.3786)">
<text x="133.75627" y="12.934712" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="133.75627" y="12.934712" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">20</tspan></text>
</g>
<g transform="translate(21.758 -1.3546)">
<text x="133.75627" y="12.934712" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="133.75627" y="12.934712" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">21</tspan></text>
</g>
<g transform="translate(28.835 -1.3546)">
<text x="133.75627" y="12.934712" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="133.75627" y="12.934712" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">22</tspan></text>
</g>
<g transform="translate(35.963 -1.3786)">
<text x="133.75627" y="12.934712" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="133.75627" y="12.934712" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">23</tspan></text>
</g>
<g transform="translate(43.099 -1.3546)">
<text x="133.75627" y="12.934712" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="133.75627" y="12.934712" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".2" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">24</tspan></text>
</g>
<path d="m9.2566 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m16.26 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m23.296 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m30.369 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m37.441 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m44.478 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m51.49 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m58.509 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m65.631 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m72.674 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m79.759 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m86.785 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m93.875 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m100.89 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m107.95 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m114.98 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m122.04 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m129.1 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m136.21 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m150.49 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m157.51 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m164.63 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m171.7 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m178.62 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m143.39 15.213v-2.5498" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m9.3282 22.7v2.2484h13.49v-2.2484" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m66.115 22.7v2.2484h13.49v-2.2484" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m37.48 22.753v2.1431h27.285v-2.1431" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".37"/>
<path d="m9.3441 27.759v5.2626h84.129v-5.2626" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".40261"/>
<text x="127.25977" y="37.515381" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1" xml:space="preserve"><tspan x="127.25977" y="37.515381" fill="#000000" font-family="Monospace" font-size="3.175px" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".21" style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:normal;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000000;stroke-width:0.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1">struct Foo</tspan></text>
<path d="m94.324 27.778v5.2626h84.129v-5.2626" fill="none" stroke="#000" stroke-miterlimit="1.1" stroke-width=".40261"/>
</g>
</svg>

If you're confused why we need to add 2 bytes of trailing padding, suppose that we have an array of
`Foo`. Without the trailing padding in the example above, the `int` in the second instance of `Foo`
would be misaligned.

However, suppose that we hypothetically had a memory allocator that could allocate a memory address \\(M\\) such that 

$$M \equiv 2\pmod{4}$$

That is, it could allocate memory such that the address it returns would have a remainder of 2 when
divided by 4. Then, if we start `Foo` at that memory address, it would have size of 8 bytes: 

- The first member `short a` would already be aligned, and would take up bytes 2 and 3
- The second member `int b` would already be aligned because it would start at a memory address divisible by 4, 
  and would take up bytes 4 through 7.
- The third member `short c` would already be aligned, and would take up bytes 8 and 9 
- There is no trailing padding needed, since in an array the first instance of `Foo` would end on a
  memory address that has remainder 2 when divided by 4, so we can immediately start the next
  instance of `Foo`

We could visualize this computation as follows:

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><svg class=overflow-max-content-width height=109.538 id=svg1 inkscape:version="1.4 (e7c3feb1, 2024-10-09)"sodipodi:docname=struct-possibility-two.svg version=1.1 viewBox="0 0 172.47293 28.98193"width=651.86621 xmlns=http://www.w3.org/2000/svg xmlns:inkscape=http://www.inkscape.org/namespaces/inkscape xmlns:sodipodi=http://sodipodi.sourceforge.net/DTD/sodipodi-0.dtd xmlns:svg=http://www.w3.org/2000/svg xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink><sodipodi:namedview bordercolor=#000000 borderopacity=0.25 id=namedview1 inkscape:current-layer=layer1 inkscape:cx=248.15874 inkscape:cy=24.190263 inkscape:deskcolor=#d1d1d1 inkscape:document-units=mm inkscape:pagecheckerboard=0 inkscape:pageopacity=0.0 inkscape:showpageshadow=2 inkscape:window-height=845 inkscape:window-maximized=1 inkscape:window-width=1512 inkscape:window-x=0 inkscape:window-y=38 inkscape:zoom=1.1988294 pagecolor=#ffffff><inkscape:page bleed=0 height=28.98193 id=page2 margin=0 width=172.47293 x=0 y=0 /></sodipodi:namedview><defs id=defs1 /><g id=layer1 transform=translate(-8.3977933,-9.0627017) inkscape:groupmode=layer inkscape:label="Layer 1"><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect11 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=15.083898 inkscape:export-filename=rect11.svg inkscape:export-xdpi=96 inkscape:export-ydpi=96 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect12 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=16.320635 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect20 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=150.56114 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect21 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=157.61171 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect20-5 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=164.66228 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect21-4 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=171.71284 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect24 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=136.34167 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect25 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=143.51056 y=15.083898 /><g id=g31 transform=translate(14.10114,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-7 transform=translate(21.151711,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-18 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-9><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-3 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-7 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-9 transform=translate(3.7492449,0.30670542)><g id=g32 transform=translate(-0.12764846,0.2473103)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect14 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path30-3-8 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path30-5-9-9 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><use id=use33 transform=translate(7.0613242) x=0 xlink:href=#g32 y=0 /><use id=use34 transform=translate(6.9537549) x=0 xlink:href=#use33 y=0 /><use id=use35 transform=translate(7.1688935) x=0 xlink:href=#use34 y=0 /></g><g id=g32-2 transform=translate(60.058422,0.5540159)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect14-8 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path30-3-8-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path30-5-9-9-0 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><g id=g31-2 transform=translate(56.436825,0.5900858)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-6 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-8><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-9 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-1 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-93 transform=translate(63.487395,0.5900858)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-1 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-1><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-95 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-0 transform=translate(70.537965,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-75 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-7><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-50 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-6 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-06 transform=translate(77.588532,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-2 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-4><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-7 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-0-1 transform=translate(112.84139,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-75-3 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-7-6><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-50-9 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-6-0 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-06-4 transform=translate(119.90271,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-2-0 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-4-2><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-7-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-4-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><text id=text37 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=15.222 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan37 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=15.222 y=11.559965>1</tspan></text><text id=text37-6 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=8.3176947 xml:space=preserve y=11.555314><tspan id=tspan37-0 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=8.3176947 y=11.555314>0</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=25.628101 xml:space=preserve y=28.241587><tspan id=tspan37-0-8 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=25.628101 y=28.241587>short</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=68.246185 xml:space=preserve y=28.241587><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-7 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=68.246185 y=28.241587>short</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1-7 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=48.238914 xml:space=preserve y=28.262516><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-2 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=48.238914 y=28.262516>int</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1-7-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=41.611115 xml:space=preserve y=37.897774><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-2-7 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=41.611115 y=37.897774>struct Foo</tspan></text><text id=text38 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=22.291641 xml:space=preserve y=11.580119><tspan id=tspan38 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=22.291641 y=11.580119>2</tspan></text><text id=text39 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=29.263273 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan39 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=29.263273 y=11.556089>3</tspan></text><text id=text40 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=36.409653 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan40 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=36.409653 y=11.556089>4</tspan></text><text id=text41 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=43.452736 xml:space=preserve y=11.53206><tspan id=tspan41 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=43.452736 y=11.53206>5</tspan></text><text id=text42 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=50.433151 xml:space=preserve y=11.553764><tspan id=tspan42 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=50.433151 y=11.553764>6</tspan></text><text id=text43 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=57.467388 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan43 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=57.467388 y=11.556089>7</tspan></text><text id=text44 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=64.604927 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan44 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=64.604927 y=11.556089>8</tspan></text><text id=text45 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=71.554825 xml:space=preserve y=11.556865><tspan id=tspan45 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=71.554825 y=11.556865>9</tspan></text><text id=text46 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=77.629433 xml:space=preserve y=11.555314><tspan id=tspan46 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=77.629433 y=11.555314>10</tspan></text><text id=text47 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=84.741508 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan47 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=84.741508 y=11.559965>11</tspan></text><text id=text48 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=91.743675 xml:space=preserve y=11.580119><tspan id=tspan48 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=91.743675 y=11.580119>12</tspan></text><text id=text49 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=98.674446 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan49 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=98.674446 y=11.556089>13</tspan></text><text id=text50 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=105.32887 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan50 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=105.32887 y=11.559965>14</tspan></text><text id=text51 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=112.64304 xml:space=preserve y=11.535935><tspan id=tspan51 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=112.64304 y=11.535935>15</tspan></text><text id=text52 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=120.0452 xml:space=preserve y=11.553764><tspan id=tspan52 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=120.0452 y=11.553764>16</tspan></text><text id=text52-0 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=127.15488 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan52-3 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=127.15488 y=11.559965>17</tspan></text><g id=g1 transform=translate(0.33580204,-1.3786228)><text id=text52-1 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-5 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>18</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1 transform=translate(7.4369862,-1.3778477)><text id=text52-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>19</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-2 transform=translate(14.722155,-1.3786228)><text id=text52-3-5 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-6 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>20</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-0 transform=translate(21.757547,-1.3545933)><text id=text52-3-8 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-2 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>21</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-23 transform=translate(28.834679,-1.3545933)><text id=text52-3-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-21 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>22</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-9 transform=translate(35.962831,-1.3786228)><text id=text52-3-1 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-7 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>23</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-4 transform=translate(43.098674,-1.3545933)><text id=text52-3-4 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-4 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>24</tspan></text></g><path d="M 9.2566274,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 16.259683,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-1 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 23.296144,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-8 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 30.369017,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-5 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 37.440534,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-12 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 44.477827,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-0 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 51.489506,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-2 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 58.508901,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-9 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 65.631301,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-97 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 72.673941,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-57 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 79.758843,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-05 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 86.784573,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-3 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 93.874913,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-11 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 100.88909,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-112 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 107.9463,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-32 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 114.98049,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-80 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 122.03687,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-23 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 129.10394,15.212792 V 12.66296"id=path57-110 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 136.21312,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-52 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 150.49273,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-30 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 157.50986,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-27 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 164.63316,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-01 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 171.69665,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-02 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 178.62339,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-301 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 143.39363,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-4 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 23.615657,22.700141 V 24.94852 H 37.105935 V 22.700141"id=path58 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 66.115473,22.700141 V 24.94852 H 79.605751 V 22.700141"id=path58-7 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 38.146425,22.75106 v 2.146273 H 64.768422 V 22.75106"id=path58-4 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.37;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 23.214727,27.732366 v 5.313702 h 56.521594 v -5.313702"id=path58-4-1 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.37;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><text id=text37-6-1-7-3-7 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=97.554192 xml:space=preserve y=37.113953><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-2-7-4 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=97.554192 y=37.113953>struct Foo</tspan></text><path d="m 80.519127,27.750247 v 5.315837 h 55.452633 v -5.315837"id=path58-4-1-5 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.37;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><g id=use64 transform=translate(67.10899,0.55401593)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect64 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path64 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path65 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><g id=use67 transform=translate(74.159558,0.55401593)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect69 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path70 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path71 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><g id=use71 transform=translate(81.210133,0.55401593)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect71 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path72 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path73 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g></g></svg>

As far as I can see, there is nothing wrong with this scenario besides requiring a hypothetical 
memory allocator that is flexible enough to support allocations like this.

Indeed, I was curious why it was required for a structure to have an alignment equal to the alignment of its largest members. 
I failed to find anything in the standard about this, and the only online resources I could find claimed 
that it was to allow successive members in an array of structures to be aligned.

- [(StackOverflow) Is the `alignof` of a struct always the maximum `alignof` of its constituents?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46009715/is-the-alignof-of-a-struct-always-the-maximum-alignof-of-its-constituents)
- [(StackOverflow) Why does size of the struct need to be a multiple of the largest alignment of any struct member?](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10309089/why-does-size-of-the-struct-need-to-be-a-multiple-of-the-largest-alignment-of-an)
  - Yes, I know C and C++ are very different. I think this discussion is still relevant to C though,
      and ultimately I'm hoping that our discussion here is abstract enough to be language agnostic.
- [(Quora) In C, why must the size of a struct be divisible by the size of its largest member?](https://www.quora.com/In-C-why-must-the-size-of-a-struct-be-divisible-by-the-size-of-its-largest-member)

However, note that in this constructed example we have a structure that is not aligned by the
alignment of its largest member, and it still allows sensible array layouts that guarantee the
alignment of all structure members.

Of course, it isn't useful to create a memory allocator that is flexible enough to support the
allocations above. The struct `Foo` has an ordering of its members that ensures that `sizeof(struct
Foo) = 8` even when \\(M \equiv 0 \pmod{4}\\):

```c
// Ordering the members of Foo from largest alignment
// to smallest will give it the smallest size possible.
struct Foo {
    int b;
    short a;
    short c;
}
```

However, I hope the strange example I gave shows that it isn't immediately obvious that `sizeof`
will give the same value no matter what memory address we place the structure at, even if we
restrict placing the structure at memory addresses that result in usable array layouts.

From this, I claim that `sizeof` is, in reality, a function of two arguments when applied to structures. 
The first argument is the structure in question, and the second argument is the memory address the structure starts at. 
We'll resolve this strange inconsistency later, and we'll prove that: 

$$\text{sizeof}(S,0) = \text{sizeof}(S,M)$$ 

for any memory address \\(M\\) that's divisible by the largest alignment in the structure \\(S\\).
In other words, we will mathematically prove what we usually take for granted: that the value of
`sizeof` effectively only takes one argument as long as the structure is aligned in a particular
way.

<aside>
<p>
We'll actually prove something slightly stronger - that the offsets of structure members from the
beginning of a structure are consistent as long as the structure starts at a memory address
divisible by the structure's largest alignment. 
</p>

<p>
As the above example shows, the offsets can change depending on the memory address a structure
starts at as well! It would certainly be unusable if the size of structures were consistent, but the
offsets inside the structures changed at different memory addresses.
</p>
</aside>

### The equation for `dsizeof`

Before we tackle the problem of `sizeof`, I would like to inspect a simpler concept that will
hopefully make the proof of the consistency of `sizeof` easier to digest.

We're going to [steal a concept from LLVM](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/LanguageExtensions.html#datasizeof) 
known as `__datasizeof`, which is defined to be the `sizeof` a structure but without the tail padding. 
We'll examine the properties of `__datasizeof` first to reduce edge cases needed in our analysis of
`sizeof`, and we'll denote this function mathematically as \\(\text{dsizeof}\\).

To compute an example, let's examine our structure `Foo` again, and determine what
\\(\text{dsizeof}(\text{Foo}, 0)\\) ends up being:

```c
struct Foo {
    short a; // Takes up bytes 0 and 1 
    int b;   // Pad to a 4 byte boundary, then takes up bytes 4 through 7 
    short c; // No padding needed. Takes up bytes 8 and 9. 
}

```

This is basically the same computation as before, except we don't add the 2 bytes of trail padding,
so we end up getting: 

$$\text{dsizeof}(\text{Foo}, 0) = 10$$

Similarly, if we recall this image from the previous section:

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><svg class=overflow-max-content-width height=109.538 id=svg1 inkscape:version="1.4 (e7c3feb1, 2024-10-09)"sodipodi:docname=struct-possibility-two.svg version=1.1 viewBox="0 0 172.47293 28.98193"width=651.86621 xmlns=http://www.w3.org/2000/svg xmlns:inkscape=http://www.inkscape.org/namespaces/inkscape xmlns:sodipodi=http://sodipodi.sourceforge.net/DTD/sodipodi-0.dtd xmlns:svg=http://www.w3.org/2000/svg xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink><sodipodi:namedview bordercolor=#000000 borderopacity=0.25 id=namedview1 inkscape:current-layer=layer1 inkscape:cx=248.15874 inkscape:cy=24.190263 inkscape:deskcolor=#d1d1d1 inkscape:document-units=mm inkscape:pagecheckerboard=0 inkscape:pageopacity=0.0 inkscape:showpageshadow=2 inkscape:window-height=845 inkscape:window-maximized=1 inkscape:window-width=1512 inkscape:window-x=0 inkscape:window-y=38 inkscape:zoom=1.1988294 pagecolor=#ffffff><inkscape:page bleed=0 height=28.98193 id=page2 margin=0 width=172.47293 x=0 y=0 /></sodipodi:namedview><defs id=defs1 /><g id=layer1 transform=translate(-8.3977933,-9.0627017) inkscape:groupmode=layer inkscape:label="Layer 1"><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect11 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=15.083898 inkscape:export-filename=rect11.svg inkscape:export-xdpi=96 inkscape:export-ydpi=96 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect12 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=16.320635 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect20 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=150.56114 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect21 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=157.61171 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect20-5 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=164.66228 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect21-4 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=171.71284 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect24 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=136.34167 y=15.083898 /><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect25 style=fill:#000;fill-opacity:0;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=143.51056 y=15.083898 /><g id=g31 transform=translate(14.10114,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-7 transform=translate(21.151711,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-18 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-9><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-3 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-7 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-9 transform=translate(3.7492449,0.30670542)><g id=g32 transform=translate(-0.12764846,0.2473103)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect14 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path30-3-8 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path30-5-9-9 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><use id=use33 transform=translate(7.0613242) x=0 xlink:href=#g32 y=0 /><use id=use34 transform=translate(6.9537549) x=0 xlink:href=#use33 y=0 /><use id=use35 transform=translate(7.1688935) x=0 xlink:href=#use34 y=0 /></g><g id=g32-2 transform=translate(60.058422,0.5540159)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect14-8 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path30-3-8-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path30-5-9-9-0 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><g id=g31-2 transform=translate(56.436825,0.5900858)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-6 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-8><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-9 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-1 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-93 transform=translate(63.487395,0.5900858)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-1 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-1><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-95 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-0 transform=translate(70.537965,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-75 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-7><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-50 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-6 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-06 transform=translate(77.588532,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-2 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-4><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-7 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-0-1 transform=translate(112.84139,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-75-3 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-7-6><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-50-9 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-6-0 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><g id=g31-06-4 transform=translate(119.90271,0.59008598)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect2-2-0 style=fill:#a7baff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=9.2700644 y=14.493812 /><g id=g30-4-2><path d="m 10.590962,18.949624 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-7-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 11.796081,19.929795 3.020002,-3.020003 z"id=path30-5-4-4 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /></g></g><text id=text37 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=15.222 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan37 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=15.222 y=11.559965>1</tspan></text><text id=text37-6 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=8.3176947 xml:space=preserve y=11.555314><tspan id=tspan37-0 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=8.3176947 y=11.555314>0</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=25.628101 xml:space=preserve y=28.241587><tspan id=tspan37-0-8 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=25.628101 y=28.241587>short</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=68.246185 xml:space=preserve y=28.241587><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-7 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=68.246185 y=28.241587>short</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1-7 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=48.238914 xml:space=preserve y=28.262516><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-2 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=48.238914 y=28.262516>int</tspan></text><text id=text37-6-1-7-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=41.611115 xml:space=preserve y=37.897774><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-2-7 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=41.611115 y=37.897774>struct Foo</tspan></text><text id=text38 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=22.291641 xml:space=preserve y=11.580119><tspan id=tspan38 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=22.291641 y=11.580119>2</tspan></text><text id=text39 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=29.263273 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan39 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=29.263273 y=11.556089>3</tspan></text><text id=text40 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=36.409653 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan40 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=36.409653 y=11.556089>4</tspan></text><text id=text41 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=43.452736 xml:space=preserve y=11.53206><tspan id=tspan41 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=43.452736 y=11.53206>5</tspan></text><text id=text42 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=50.433151 xml:space=preserve y=11.553764><tspan id=tspan42 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=50.433151 y=11.553764>6</tspan></text><text id=text43 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=57.467388 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan43 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=57.467388 y=11.556089>7</tspan></text><text id=text44 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=64.604927 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan44 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=64.604927 y=11.556089>8</tspan></text><text id=text45 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=71.554825 xml:space=preserve y=11.556865><tspan id=tspan45 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=71.554825 y=11.556865>9</tspan></text><text id=text46 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=77.629433 xml:space=preserve y=11.555314><tspan id=tspan46 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=77.629433 y=11.555314>10</tspan></text><text id=text47 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=84.741508 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan47 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=84.741508 y=11.559965>11</tspan></text><text id=text48 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=91.743675 xml:space=preserve y=11.580119><tspan id=tspan48 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=91.743675 y=11.580119>12</tspan></text><text id=text49 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=98.674446 xml:space=preserve y=11.556089><tspan id=tspan49 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=98.674446 y=11.556089>13</tspan></text><text id=text50 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=105.32887 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan50 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=105.32887 y=11.559965>14</tspan></text><text id=text51 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=112.64304 xml:space=preserve y=11.535935><tspan id=tspan51 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=112.64304 y=11.535935>15</tspan></text><text id=text52 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=120.0452 xml:space=preserve y=11.553764><tspan id=tspan52 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=120.0452 y=11.553764>16</tspan></text><text id=text52-0 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=127.15488 xml:space=preserve y=11.559965><tspan id=tspan52-3 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=127.15488 y=11.559965>17</tspan></text><g id=g1 transform=translate(0.33580204,-1.3786228)><text id=text52-1 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-5 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>18</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1 transform=translate(7.4369862,-1.3778477)><text id=text52-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>19</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-2 transform=translate(14.722155,-1.3786228)><text id=text52-3-5 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-6 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>20</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-0 transform=translate(21.757547,-1.3545933)><text id=text52-3-8 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-2 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>21</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-23 transform=translate(28.834679,-1.3545933)><text id=text52-3-3 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-21 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>22</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-9 transform=translate(35.962831,-1.3786228)><text id=text52-3-1 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-7 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>23</tspan></text></g><g id=g1-1-4 transform=translate(43.098674,-1.3545933)><text id=text52-3-4 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=133.75627 xml:space=preserve y=12.934712><tspan id=tspan52-6-4 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.2;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=133.75627 y=12.934712>24</tspan></text></g><path d="M 9.2566274,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 16.259683,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-1 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 23.296144,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-8 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 30.369017,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-5 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 37.440534,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-12 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 44.477827,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-0 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 51.489506,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-2 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 58.508901,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-9 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 65.631301,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-97 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 72.673941,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-57 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 79.758843,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-05 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 86.784573,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-3 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 93.874913,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-11 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 100.88909,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-112 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 107.9463,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-32 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 114.98049,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-80 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 122.03687,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-23 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 129.10394,15.212792 V 12.66296"id=path57-110 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 136.21312,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-52 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 150.49273,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-30 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 157.50986,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-27 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 164.63316,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-01 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 171.69665,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-02 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 178.62339,15.212791 V 12.662959"id=path57-301 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 143.39363,15.212792 V 12.662959"id=path57-4 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 23.615657,22.700141 V 24.94852 H 37.105935 V 22.700141"id=path58 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 66.115473,22.700141 V 24.94852 H 79.605751 V 22.700141"id=path58-7 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.370001;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 38.146425,22.75106 v 2.146273 H 64.768422 V 22.75106"id=path58-4 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.37;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="m 23.214727,27.732366 v 5.313702 h 56.521594 v -5.313702"id=path58-4-1 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.37;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><text id=text37-6-1-7-3-7 style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;text-align:start;writing-mode:lr-tb;direction:ltr;text-anchor:start;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1"x=97.554192 xml:space=preserve y=37.113953><tspan id=tspan37-0-8-2-7-4 sodipodi:role=line style="font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;font-stretch:normal;font-size:3.175px;font-family:Monospace;-inkscape-font-specification:'Monospace, Normal';font-variant-ligatures:normal;font-variant-caps:normal;font-variant-numeric:normal;font-variant-east-asian:normal;fill:#000;fill-opacity:1;stroke-width:.21;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0"x=97.554192 y=37.113953>struct Foo</tspan></text><path d="m 80.519127,27.750247 v 5.315837 h 55.452633 v -5.315837"id=path58-4-1-5 style=fill:none;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.37;stroke-miterlimit:1.1;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-dashoffset:0;stroke-opacity:1 /><g id=use64 transform=translate(67.10899,0.55401593)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect64 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path64 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path65 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><g id=use67 transform=translate(74.159558,0.55401593)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect69 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path70 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path71 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g><g id=use71 transform=translate(81.210133,0.55401593)><rect height=6.9088931 id=rect71 style=fill:#8eeb78;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 width=6.9088931 x=42.201988 y=14.493812 transform=translate(-8.3512386,0.03607008) /><path d="M 38.268886,20.030413 35.248883,17.010411 Z"id=path72 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 /><path d="M 39.249057,18.825294 36.229055,15.805292 Z"id=path73 style=fill:#a7cfff;fill-opacity:1;stroke:#000;stroke-width:.396875;stroke-dasharray:none;stroke-opacity:1 sodipodi:nodetypes=ccc /></g></g></svg>
We can see that:

$$
\text{dsizeof}(\text{Foo}, 2) = 8
$$

Armed with some examples, let's come up with a general equation for \\(\text{dsizeof}\\). 
Let \\(M\\) be the memory address that a structure \\(S\\) starts at. Then we can compute 
\\(\text{dsizeof}(S,M)\\) as follows:

$$
\text{dsizeof}(S, M) = s_0 + p_0 + s_1 + p_1 + \ldots + s_{n-1} + p_{n-1} + s_n
$$

All this is really saying is that the `dsizeof` some structure is the sum of the
structure member sizes and the needed padding between those members.

However, for \\(0 \leq i \leq n\\), we know that \\(p_i\\) cannot be some arbitrary integer - it must satisfy two constraints.
First, the choice of \\(p_i\\) must make it so the memory address of \\(m_{i+1}\\) is divisible by \\(a_{i+1}\\). 
In other words, the padding must be chosen to make sure the memory address of the structure's next member respects that member's alignment. 

If we notice that the expression \\(M + s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + p_i\\) represents the starting memory address of member
\\(m_{i+1}\\), we can encode this requirement recursively as:

$$
M + s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + p_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
$$

Second, we must ensure that \\(p_i\\) is the smallest positive solution to the above equation. 
This is because if we have some integer solution to the above equation \\(p_i=k\\), then \\(p_i=k+ca_{i+1}\\) is also a solution for any arbitrary
integer \\(c\\). So we add the final restriction on the value of each \\(p_i\\):

$$
0 \leq p_i \lt a_{i+1} 
$$

which guarantees the uniqueness of \\(p_i\\).

### Proving the consistency of `dsizeof`

As an intermediary step to proving the consistency of `sizeof`, we would like the prove the
following lemma:

**Lemma 1:** Let \\(M\\) be any memory address evenly divisible by the largest alignment in \\(S\\).
Then we have that:
$$
\text{dsizeof}(S,0) = \text{dsizeof}(S,M)
$$

**Proof:** We'll need to come up with some notation to differentiate the paddings in both
sides of the equation. For \\(0 \leq i \leq n\\), we'll write \\(p_i\\) to denote the paddings inside of
\\(\text{dsizeof}(S, 0)\\), and we'll write \\(b_i\\) to denote the paddings inside of \\(\text{dsizeof}(S, M)\\).
Thus, our equations become:

$$
\text{dsizeof}(S, 0) = s_0 + p_0 + s_1 + p_1 + \ldots + s_{n-1} + p_{n-1} + s_n
$$
$$
\text{dsizeof}(S, M) = s_0 + b_0 + s_1 + b_1 + \ldots + s_{n-1} + b_{n-1} + s_n
$$

All we need to show is that for any \\(i\\), we have \\(b_i = p_i\\), at which point we know that
\\(\text{dsizeof}(S, 0) = \text{dsizeof}(S, M)\\).

First, recall our restrictions that each padding must satisfy. We know that for each \\(p_i\\) and
\\(b_i\\):

$$
\begin{align}
0 + s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + p_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}} \\\\
M + s_0 + b_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
\end{align}
$$
$$
\begin{align*}
0 \leq p_i \lt a_{i+1} \\\\
0 \leq b_i \lt a_{i+1} 
\end{align*}
$$

However, for the \\(b_i\\) case, we know that by definition \\(M\\) is divisible by the greatest alignment
\\(a_{\text{max}}=2^{k_{\text{max}}}\\)
in \\(S\\). Since we know that each \\(a_i=2^{k_i} \leq 2^{k_{\text{max}}}\\), 
that means that \\(M\\) is divisible by any \\({a_i}\\), and so \\(M \equiv 0 \pmod{a_i}\\) for all \\(i\\). 

So we can instead transform equation (2) into:

$$
\begin{align*}
M + s_0 + b_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}} \\\\
0 + s_0 + b_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}} \\\\
s_0 + b_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
\end{align*}
$$

We now have the pair of equations below that we can do mathematical induction over to show that each \\(b_i = p_i\\):

$$
\begin{align}
s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + p_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}} \\\\
s_0 + b_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
\end{align}
$$

Let's start with the case of \\(i=0\\). Then we have the equations:

$$
\begin{align}
s_0 + p_0 \equiv 0 \pmod{a_1} \\\\
s_0 + b_0 \equiv 0 \pmod{a_1}
\end{align}
$$

However, since the lefthand sides of (5) and (6) are both equivalent to \\(0 \pmod{a_1}\\), we can then write:
$$
\begin{align}
s_0 + p_0 \equiv s_0 + b_0 \pmod{a_1} \\\\
p_0 \equiv b_0 \pmod{a_1}
\end{align}
$$

So we know that \\(p_0\\) and \\(b_0\\) are in the same equivalence class. However, because \\(0 \leq p_0 \lt
a_1\\), and \\(0 \leq b_0 \lt a_1\\), we know that \\(p_0=b_0\\), and we are done with the base case.

Now, for the final step, we need to show that for any \\(0 \lt j \lt i \leq n\\), if \\(p_{j}=b_{j}\\) then
\\(p_{i}=b_{i}\\). However, we can solve this by similar techniques used to prove the base case:

$$
\begin{align}
s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + p_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}} \\\\
s_0 + b_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}} \\\\
\end{align}
$$

Once again, since the lefthand sides of (9) and (10) are both equivalent to \\(0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}\\), we can set
them equal to each other: 

$$
\begin{equation}
s_0 + b_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + p_i  \pmod{a_{i+1}}
\end{equation}
$$

And by the induction step we know that all of the prior \\(b_j\\) and \\(p_j\\) are equal, so we can
rewrite (11) by replacing all of the prior \\(b_j\\) on the lefthand side with \\(p_j\\):

$$
\begin{equation}
s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + b_i \equiv s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i + p_i  \pmod{a_{i+1}}
\end{equation}
$$

so we can subtract the terms \\(s_0 + p_0 + \ldots + s_i\\) from both sides of (12) to get:

$$
\begin{equation}
b_i \equiv p_i \pmod{a_{i+1}}
\end{equation}
$$

So \\(b_i\\) and \\(p_i\\) are in the same equivalence class. However, once again, because \\(0 \leq b_i \lt
a_{i+1}\\), and \\(0 \leq p_i \lt a_{i+1}\\), we know that \\(p_i=b_i\\) for any \\(i\\). Since all of the paddings are
equal in both cases, we are done with the proof.

### The equation for `sizeof`

Okay, we now have a mathematical formula for \\(\text{dsizeof}(S,M)\\) and we know it's consistent when we have
certain restrictions on the memory address \\(M\\). We would like to use this to come up with an
equation for `sizeof`.

This should be simple enough. Since \\(\text{dsizeof}\\) is simply `sizeof` without the
trailing padding, we can write:

$$
\text{sizeof}(S,M) = \text{dsizeof}(S,M) + p
$$

where \\(p\\) represents the trailing padding of the structure. Once again, \\(p\\) cannot be arbitrary: we
must choose \\(p\\) such that if we have an array of structure \\(S\\), each instance of \\(S\\) must have the
same size and offsets inside of \\(S\\).

Defining such a \\(p\\) seems hard, in my opinion. As the discussion in ["A potential ambiguity in the definition of sizeof"](#a-potential-ambiguity-in-the-definition-of-sizeof) shows, we can have "valid"
alignments of \\(S\\) that are not just the largest alignment in \\(S\\). In order to simplify things, I
will again restrict this scope of this blog post - we will only study structures aligned on the
largest alignment of their members.

Thus, let \\(a\\) be the largest alignment in \\(S\\). We choose \\(p\\) such that:

$$
M + \text{dsizeof}(S,M) + p = 0 \pmod{a}
$$

and of course, we still desire that \\(p\\) be the smallest positive solution to the above, so we
add the restriction that \\(0 \leq p \lt a\\).

### Proving the consistency of `sizeof`

We finally get to the important lemma that we need before we can even begin to think about finding
the minima of `sizeof`.

**Lemma 2:** Let \\(M\\) be any memory address evenly divisible by the largest alignment in \\(S\\).
Then we have that:
$$
\text{sizeof}(S,0) = \text{sizeof}(S,M)
$$
**Proof:** Expanding the definition of \\(\text{sizeof}\\), we have:

$$
\begin{align}
\text{sizeof}(S,0) = \text{dsizeof}(S,0) + p \\\\
\text{sizeof}(S,M) = \text{dsizeof}(S,M) + b
\end{align}
$$

where \\(p\\) and \\(b\\) respectively must satisfy the constraints:

$$
\begin{align}
\text{dsizeof}(S,0) + p = 0 \pmod{a} \\\\
M + \text{dsizeof}(S,M) + b = 0 \pmod{a}
\end{align}
$$

Recall that by **Lemma 1** we know that \\(\text{dsizeof}(S,0)=\text{dsizeof}(S,M)\\), so it suffices
to show that the trailing paddings \\(p\\) and \\(b\\) are equal.

By our choice of \\(M\\), we know that \\(M = 0 \pmod{a}\\), and so with (16) and (17) we have:

$$
\begin{align}
\text{dsizeof(S,0)} + p = \text{dsizeof(S,M)} + b \pmod{a} \\\\
p = b \pmod{a}
\end{align}
$$

And since we have both \\(0 \leq p \lt a\\) and \\(0 \leq b \lt a\\), we know that \\(p=b\\) and we are done.

## Proving that ordering by alignment is optimal for 'simple' structures

To keep our mathematics simple, we're going to restrict the class of structures that we study once
more. To start with, we're going to define a **primitive** structure as any structure where all
members satisfy the following conditions:

- Each \\(a_n\\) is equal to a power of 2
- \\(s_n = ca_n\\) for some \\(c \geq 0\\)

Effectively, this is a structure whose members are all primitives, so that no structure members
are aggregate data types of their own. Furthermore, no structure members are "unusually aligned".

For example, `Foo` and `Bar` would be primitive structures, but `Baz` and `Qux` are not:

```c
// Nothing out of the ordinary here, this is definitely primitive.
struct Foo {
    int first;
    double second;
    char third;
}

// OK - the member 'second' is an aggregate data type, but since
// the array size is always a multiple of the alignment of double,
// this structure still "behaves nicely"
struct Bar {
    int first;
    double[5] second;
}
```

We're going to prove an intermediary lemma.

**Lemma 3:** Let \\(S\\) be a primitive structure. Ordering the members of \\(S\\) from largest to smallest
alignment will minimize the value of \\(\text{dsizeof(S)}\\).

**Proof:** It suffices to show that ordering the members of \\(S\\) from largest to smallest alignment
will make each of the intermediary \\(p_n=0\\). We do this by mathematical induction.

First, we prove the base case. We want to show that if \\(a_0 \geq a_1\\), then \\(p_0=0\\). However, we
know that:

$$
s_0=c_0a_0
$$
$$
s_1=c_1a_1
$$

However, since \\(a_0 \geq a_1\\), we know that \\(a_0\\) is evenly divisible by \\(a_0\\), and thus \\(s_0\\) is
evenly divisible by \\(a_1\\). Since \\(s_1\\) starts at the memory address \\(s_0+p_0\\), we have it that
\\(p_0=0\\).

Next, we want to show that for \\(0 \lt j \lt i \leq n\\), \\(p_j=0\\) implies that \\(p_i=0\\). We know that
\\(p_i\\) must satisfy the equation:

$$
M + s_0 + p_0 + s_1 + p_1 + \ldots s_{i-1} + p_{i-1} + s_i + p_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
$$

But since all \\(p_j=0\\), we know that:

$$
M + s_0 + s_1 + \ldots s_{i-1} + s_i + p_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
$$

and since each \\(s_n=c_na_n\\), we can rewrite the above as:

$$
M + c_0a_0 + c_1a_1 + \ldots c_{i-1}a_{i-1} + c_ia_i + p_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
$$
$$
a_0 \geq a_1 \geq a_2 \geq \ldots \geq a_{i-1} \geq a_i \geq a_{i+1}
$$

Since each \\(a_n\\) is a power of two, we know that:

$$
M + c_0a_0 + c_1a_1 + \ldots c_{i-1}a_{i-1} + c_ia_i \equiv 0 \pmod{a_{i+1}}
$$

and we are done, as \\(p_i=0\\).

## Counterexample to Clang's optin.performance.Padding Analyzer

As mentioned before, Clang comes with an [optional analyzer that will attempt to check for
excessively padded structures](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/analyzer/checkers.html#optin-performance-padding).
The comments in the [optin.performance.Padding implementation](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/main/clang/lib/StaticAnalyzer/Checkers/PaddingChecker.cpp#L230) 
gives us hints at what it tries to do.

First, here is the promised counterexample on x86-64. The construction is admittedly contrived, and I'm not
sure if there are any real life structures that would have a shape similar to it. In
any case, we know that Clang's algorithm is not always correct (but is probably good enough for the
vast majority of usecases).

I tried to get the static checkers working in Godbolt, but failed to for some reason. 
So I hope you'll be willing to try this on your own machine.

```c
#include <stdint.h>
#include <stdio.h>

struct Foo {
    __attribute__((aligned(8))) uint32_t id;
    __attribute__((aligned(8))) uint8_t flags[9];
    struct {
        uint16_t foo;
        uint16_t bar;
        uint16_t blah;
    };
};

struct FooInefficient {
    __attribute__((aligned(8))) uint32_t id;
    struct {
        uint16_t foo;
        uint16_t bar;
        uint16_t blah;
    };
    __attribute__((aligned(8))) uint8_t flags[9];
};

struct Baz {
    char firstChar;
    double firstDouble;
    char secondChar;
};

int main(void) {
    printf("Size of struct Foo: %zu\n", sizeof(struct Foo));
    printf("Size of struct FooInefficient: %zu\n", sizeof(struct FooInefficient));
}
```

To run the `clang` padding checker, you can invoke the following command, assuming you copied the
above code into the file `main.c`:

```shell
clang --analyze -Xclang -analyzer-checker=optin.performance.Padding -Xclang -analyzer-config -Xclang optin.performance.Padding:AllowedPad=0  main.c
```

On my x86-64 machine, notice how there are only warnings for the structure `Baz`, and none for `FooInefficient`: 

```shell
$ clang --analyze -Xclang -analyzer-checker=optin.performance.Padding -Xclang -analyzer-config -Xclang optin.performance.Padding:AllowedPad=0  main.c
main.c:24:8: warning: Excessive padding in 'struct Baz' (14 padding bytes, where 6 is optimal). Optimal fields order: firstDouble, firstChar, secondChar, consider reordering the fields or adding explicit padding members [optin.performance.Padding]
   24 | struct Baz {
      | ~~~~~~~^~~~~
   25 |     char firstChar;
      |     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
   26 |     double firstDouble;
      |     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
   27 |     char secondChar;
      |     ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
   28 | };
      | ~
1 warning generated.
```

However, if you run the compiled binary, we can see that `FooInefficient` is clearly larger than `Foo`, and
the static analyzer did not realize that there existed a smaller layout for `FooInefficient`:

```shell
$ ./a.out
Size of struct Foo: 24
Size of struct FooInefficient: 32
```
